[keymap] Adds tofu65 with split spacebar (#10831)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/kbdfans/kbd67/rev2/keymaps/ansi_split_space/readme.md

> # Keyboard map for kbd67 rev.2 tofu65, with split spacebar,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Keymap for kbd67 rev.2 tofu65, with split spacebar
```
